Android Advanced Configuration Edits (#938)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/configure_rum_android_sdk.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Enrich resources

> When [tracking resources automatically][6], you can provide a custom `RumResourceAttributesProvider` instance, allowing you to add custom attributes to each tracked network request. For example, if you want to track a network request's headers, you can create an implementation as follow, and pass it in the constructor of the `DatadogInterceptor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [tracking resources automatically][6], provide a custom `RumResourceAttributesProvider` instance to add custom attributes to each tracked network request. For example, if you want to track a network request's headers, create an implementation as follows, and pass it in the constructor of the `DatadogInterceptor`.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Kotlin" %}}
```kotlin
class CustomRumResourceAttributesProvider : RumResourceAttributesProvider {
    override fun onProvideAttributes(
        request: Request,
        response: Response?,
        throwable: Throwable?
    ): Map<String, Any?> {
        val headers = request.headers()
        return headers.names().associate {
            "headers.${it.lowercase(Locale.US)}" to headers.values(it).first()
        }
    }
}
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Java" %}}
```java

public class CustomRumResourceAttributesProvider implements RumResourceAttributesProvider {
    @NonNull
    @Override
    public Map<String, Object> onProvideAttributes(
            @NonNull Request request,
            @Nullable Response response,
            @Nullable Throwable throwable
    ) {
        Map<String, Object> result = new HashMap<>();
        Headers headers = request.headers();

        for (String key : headers.names()) {
            String attrName = "headers." + key.toLowerCase(Locale.US);

>             result.put(attrName, headers.values(key));

Reviewer 2: java snippet doesn't exactly match kotlin snippet: in Java we add all the values for the header name, in kotlin we add only a single value.

Author: Fixed
